We're now using NTR X to manage our authentication status and this broke our app like here and the off
guard let's fix it let's fix it by using the energy or X store for this.
First of all import the store because we need to inject it.
So import store from at NCR X slash store.
I'll also need to import my state so import everything as from Route from my app reducer file.
This now allows me to inject the store into the off guard.
So here instead of the off service actually I'll simply inject my store of type store which is a generic
type that wraps my root state just as we did check it in other files.
Now I need to check whether we are often dictated or not.
And this can be done relatively easy.
It can activate.
We don't have to return true or false.
We can always return an observable that returns true or false.
So we could return this store select from root get is off.
This will in the end return true or false.
It will give us an observable which will give us true or false.
Now I can take does return function also put it into can load.
Now let's save this and let's work on the other parts like the Hetrick-Martin where we also relied on
getting this information from NCR X here from the office or is I mean I'm sorry.
So here are all the imports to work from at ngi our X store and just as before the patterns all it's
the same import everything as from Route from.
And now let's go up to our app whip's from to our app reducer like this.
Now we can inject that into this file here instead of the off service.
Actually our import store of type store which wraps from root state if you want then I'll remove the
import of off service I don't need it.
And the same is by the way true for my off guard I guess.
So here we can also get rid of the office service import.
So there's one thing but let's go back to the header.
We inject the officers no more but the store instead and therefore an engine in it.
I can now simply use this store select from root get is off to get that boolean and I want to store
it in my is off variable or property which will now turn into an observable.
That wraps a boolean and observable needs to be imported from our exchange as in the later versions.
Just our exchange says this is why I have these kinds of imports the same year subscription.
Also in late awareness of our exchanges.
So it should come from just Arctic's just like this even though we see an error message there.
So this is now my observable being imported and is of being an old storable knowable assigned us value
here in NZ and in it.
This is off dollar sign.
We'll hold the absorbable return by de-select function.
Now I can also remove on the stroy here also remove does implementation here.
And remove the import up there.
And I made one mistake.
I still need the off service here.
There was an error.
We still need to log our function all re-inject the office service don't remove it from that file of
service should be added at the import.
So this should not be removed because we need it.
Now the headers should be fixed though.
Let's now work on the site Neph there.
I also need to keep the service you on log out.
I won't need NGO undestroyed anymore though because I'll also soon inject to store and manage everything
from that.
So let's get rid of these imports and let's add two new imports just as in the file import store from
at Engy our X store and let's import our route reducer import everything else from Route from.
And now let's go up to the app.
Not app routing to the app reducer file like this.
Now we got the producer imported here too.
Now we can inject the story for that reason.
So let's add it let's add private store of type store which in the end will give us access to our route.
State and now with that an entry on it I again want to store this in a new is off property which is
an observable which will in the end give us a boolean.
So it does a generic type 2 and we import both subscription and absorbable from just our X J.S. So does
this how does should look like.
Now with that we got our obsolete engine in a method we can remove that implementation of on in it can
remove dead import.
Now with that import that we can go to Engy on in it and then use our view is all observable to store
this store select from root get is all this boolean.
Now of course we need to use the value in the component then.
So in the template there when we use is off we should change the async pipe and at the dollar sign and
that of course should be done for all occurrences occurrences of is of here and here and here and in
the case where we checked the opposite we need parentheses just as we needed it for is loading.
So with that in all cases in the template where we accessed is off.
I'm now using D-New is off which is an observable and the same in the header component and the header
component.
Whenever we check is off we should use is off with the async pipe.
And in cases where we check for the opposite we should wrap it in parentheses.
Now with that let's reload the application and see if it works.
Let's go to the training area.
This seems to fail.
Let's try again.
Logging in fails.
So we somehow are blocked from entering the training area.
Probably related to the off guard.
Let's take a look.
Keep in mind that observable Here is an ongoing construct.
It constantly emits new values.
The guard only runs once.
Though this is why we have to add a special operator here.
Take one now with angular five does won't work anymore.
Instead you should use pipe and Navier operator which we have to import.
So let's import both pipe and take from our exchange slash operators pipe simply allows us to apply
multiple operators to a given observable sequence.
And with this addition of piping take one we essentially tell Engy our ex or the guard here that we
want to finish off after getting one value take one simply takes one value and then closes this subscription
year and pipe doesn't even need to be imported.
Sorry my mistake just imports take.
So this out of the way now we successfully get there we can still log out and hopefully can log in again.
So this all works now to Garda's working.
And now your state is working as you can also see in our header and on the mobile view here too.
If I do log immobile
we all see that here.
This is adjusted too.
It is not all that working.
So with that we added all functionality.